README.md, before:

# LuaFileSystem with CMake Support

Forked from https://lunarmodules.github.io/luafilesystem.

## Description

- LuaFileSystem is a Lua library developed to complement the set of functions related to file systems offered by the standard Lua distribution.

- LuaFileSystem offers a portable way to access the underlying directory structure and file attributes.
- LuaFileSystem is free software and uses the same license as Lua 5.x (MIT).

## Building and Installing LuaFileSystem

### Prerequisites

LuaFileSystem with CMake Support relies on an installation of [Lua with CMake Support](https://github.com/KritzelKratzel/lua#readme). The same toolchain which has been used with *Lua with CMake Support* is required. LuaFileSystem gets all necessary path, header and library information from CMake `liblua` package data and will be installed automatically into the right directory locations - no hassle with `package.path` settings anymore.

**Notice:** Present `Makefiles`  stem from original LuaFileSystem source code and are not used within the context of the CMake-based build infrastructure. Simply ignore them.

### Build and Install

Open `Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022` and change drive and directory. Download and unpack sources or simply clone this repository:

```cmd
c:
cd c:\Temp
git clone https://github.com/KritzelKratzel/luafilesystem
cd luafilesystem
```

CMake strongly encourages out-of-source builds.

```cmd
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 17 2022" -A <arch>
cmake --build . --config Release
cmake --install . --config Release
```

Replace `<arch>` with your desired architecture. Available architectures with selected `Visual Studio 17 2022` generator are `Win32`, `x64`, `ARM` and `ARM64`. LuaFileSystem documentation is available in `<lua_install_dir>/share/doc/luafilesystem` after install and also at the [project website](https://lunarmodules.github.io/luafilesystem).

## Fetch Changes form original LuaFileSystem Repository

These are the command to incorporate code base changes form original LuaFileSystem repository.

1. Add original and remote repository to local clone. This step is only required once.

```cmd
C:\misc\luafilesystem>git remote add luafilesystem https://github.com/lunarmodules/luafilesystem.git
C:\misc\luafilesystem>git remote -v
luafilesystem   https://github.com/lunarmodules/luafilesystem.git (fetch)
luafilesystem   https://github.com/lunarmodules/luafilesystem.git (push)
origin  git@github.com:KritzelKratzel/luafilesystem.git (fetch)
origin  git@github.com:KritzelKratzel/luafilesystem.git (push)
C:\misc\luafilesystem>
```

2. Command sequence for fetching changes on original repository on [Lunar Modules](https://github.com/lunarmodules/luafilesystem):

```cmd
git checkout master
git pull origin master
git merge luafilesystem/master
git push origin master
```

Commit message:

Added fork sync script and updated README.

README.md, after:



# LuaFileSystem with CMake Support

Forked from https://lunarmodules.github.io/luafilesystem.

## Description

- LuaFileSystem is a Lua library developed to complement the set of functions related to file systems offered by the standard Lua distribution.

- LuaFileSystem offers a portable way to access the underlying directory structure and file attributes.
- LuaFileSystem is free software and uses the same license as Lua 5.x (MIT).

## Building and Installing LuaFileSystem

### Prerequisites

LuaFileSystem with CMake Support relies on an installation of [Lua with CMake Support](https://github.com/KritzelKratzel/lua#readme). The same toolchain which has been used with *Lua with CMake Support* is required. LuaFileSystem gets all necessary path, header and library information from CMake `liblua` package data and will be installed automatically into the right directory locations - no hassle with `package.path` settings anymore.

**Notice:** Present `Makefiles`  stem from original LuaFileSystem source code and are not used within the context of the CMake-based build infrastructure. Simply ignore them.

### Build and Install

Open `Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022` and change drive and directory. Download and unpack sources or simply clone this repository:

```cmd
c:
cd c:\Temp
git clone https://github.com/KritzelKratzel/luafilesystem
cd luafilesystem
```

CMake strongly encourages out-of-source builds.

```cmd
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 17 2022" -A <arch>
cmake --build . --config Release
cmake --install . --config Release
```

Replace `<arch>` with your desired architecture. Available architectures with selected `Visual Studio 17 2022` generator are `Win32`, `x64`, `ARM` and `ARM64`. LuaFileSystem documentation is available in `<lua_install_dir>/share/doc/luafilesystem` after install and also at the [project website](https://lunarmodules.github.io/luafilesystem).

## Sync this fork with original LuaFileSystem repository

Open Git Bash and execute `./SyncFork.sh`.

```bash
John Doe@DESKTOP-1HK25HF MINGW64 /c/misc/luafilesystem (master)
$ ./SyncFork.sh
Original remote repo found.
Already on 'master'
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.
From github.com:KritzelKratzel/luafilesystem
 * branch            master     -> FETCH_HEAD
Already up to date.
Already up to date.
Everything up-to-date
John Doe@DESKTOP-1HK25HF MINGW64 /c/misc/luafilesystem (master)
```
